* The Magician		-Magic missile thing. Can activate mechanisms (switches,etc) from afar.
The High Priestess	-Allows for short glides.
The Empress			-
The Emperor			-Marks a target. All projectiles will aim towards it.
The Hierophant		-
The Lovers			-Turn foe into ally (change faction).
The Chariot			-Summons a running chariot, player can hop on it.
* Strength			-Picks up big objects?
* The Hermit		-Get tips and tricks (?) for finding something close or whatever.
Wheel of Fortune	-
Justice				-
* The Hanged Man	-Throw a rope with a hook on it. hooks itself to any surface, or brings enemies (Zelda's hookshot).
Death				-(nonfinal) BIG scythe. Chops down stuff? Like ropes.
Temperance			-Transform into enemy? (fake faction, copy visuals and actions). Lasts 10 seconds.
The Devil			-
* The Tower			-Summons raising column. Can step over it.
* The Star			-Short high speed flight, like a super dash.
The Moon			-Makes all nearby enemies sleep.
The Sun				-Burns all nearby enemies for a certain amount of time.
Judgement			-
The World			-5 second stop time? lol.
(0) The Fool		-Spawn random useless items. Maybe something funny.

---
Item0 (The Town): Get (9)The Hermit from the town elder.
Item1 (The Pit): Find (2)High Priestess when passing through. Should think about some puzzle maybe. Might gate behind another ability. :)
Item2 (The Mountain): Find The (12)Hanged Man at the mountain, towards the top. Should require Star to get to it.
Item3 (The Flying Fortress): (17)Star sounds very cool for flying fortress. Hop around in floating stuffs :D.
Item4 (The Volcano): (16)Tower will be at the Volcano, where Lindsay is. It will be used to traverse the lava by placing the tower as an extra platform. 
	Lava kills fast, have checkpoint close, hmm.
Item5 (Forest of Mist): (1)Magician, activate stuff from afar.
Item6 (Temple of _). Find (8)Strength at uh this place maybe some sort of temple thing.
===
add sound to item get
add sound/extra flair? to card get!
DONE?	blink/i-frames to on damage (might ignore i-frames but consider!)
DONE	make item/card acquire event (cards aren't items so uh will do both separate)
DONE	make menu to equip cards
DONE	make NPC event
DONE	High Priestess card effect
DONE	Hermit card effect

DONE	make enemy spawn areas just regular spawners triggered upon area enter instead of do it "per room"
	if needed, splitting locations in sections if they get too big xd

DONE	jump down one-way elements : set one-ways as a different layer, deactivate collision with one-ways for a specific vertical distance (8px?)
DONE	attack up/down : hold up/down to do different attacks (four total: front,down,up,air,could repeat up/down in air)
DONE	dash/roll : separate action, don't allow other actions. disable gravity, maybe phase through ?, invulnerability

raycast from enemy to target when picking current target
move towards target might want to have some sort of pathfind

---
FACTOR = 10
perc = pow(10, db/FACTOR)
db = FACTOR * log(k,10)